 # Weather App with Login

This repository contains the code for a simple weather app with a login feature. The app is built using Python and the CustomTkinter library.

## Getting Started

To run the app, you will need to have Python 3.6 or later installed. You can download Python from the [Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Once you have Python installed, you can install the required packages by running the following command in your terminal:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This will install all of the packages that are required to run the app.

Once the packages are installed, you can run the app by running the following command in your terminal:

```
python Weather_app.py
```

This will start the app and display the login screen.

## Using the App

To use the app, you will need to first login. To do this, enter your username and password into the fields on the login screen and click the "Login" button.

If your login credentials are correct, you will be logged in and the weather query controls will be enabled. You can now enter the name of a city into the "City" field and click the "Get Weather" button to get the weather for that city.

The weather information will be displayed in the labels below the "Get Weather" button.

## Code Explanation

The code for the app is split into three files:

* `Gui.py` contains the code for the graphical user interface (GUI).
* `Weather.py` contains the code for getting the weather data from the OpenWeatherMap API.
* `Weather_app.py` contains the code for the main app.

### `Gui.py`

The `Gui.py` file contains the code for the GUI. The GUI is created using the CustomTkinter library. CustomTkinter is a library that makes it easy to create beautiful and modern GUIs in Python.

The `Gui.py` file starts by importing the CustomTkinter library. It then defines the `login()` function. The `login()` function is called when the user clicks the "Login" button. The `login()` function checks the user's credentials and enables the weather query controls if the credentials are correct.

The `Gui.py` file then creates the root window for the app. The root window is the main window of the app. The `Gui.py` file

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.useblackbox.ai)